Customs agencies take the necessary steps before the federation to
make about 20 thousand foreign units that are imported into the state
illegally declared Martin hansson molina representative of the
state defense organization of the customs agencies directly in
Mexico
to the contractor
to ferrer
that takes place in the portal
We certainly expect the news for these months but it has not come out
in the prince port
two of monforte
We can not trust
and that nobody cries for when in currents
see if everything goes well and I think now
cgt has given
today early
explained that since the decree of the treaty of
free trade tlc between import of foreign vehicles to Mexico
the price for legalization in the savanna rose by more than 50%, which
It was not very profitable for them to sell their floats.
finished because because it's a vehicle it costs about a thousand dollars
it's going to stop at two thousand dollars
a little more
and it increases the soccer a lot
besides Ecuador
n scoreboard sellers the worker before the barcelona
as for the center
of the state they want to impose now they live in general
He said that the cost of the tariff led to illegal entry into the country where
chocolates
and that in sound they add about 20 thousand cars and of which 5 thousand
circulate in Hermosillo added that this social problem increased as a result of the
recession of the united states the one that thousands of countrymen who return to mexico with
their cars mostly 2000 models and with the hope of
legalize them but before the increase of the import some decided
sell them joaquin biar hopefully they are the potatoes to be able to move them towards
other states of the country damascus syria letters news telemax